Ll/local time part2 (#406)
dsgrid/dsgrid: docs/source/user_guide/how_tos/how_to_convert_time_zone.md

```
timestamp               | time_zone  | geography | value
------------------------|------------|-----------|------
2012-01-01 05:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 1.2
2012-01-01 06:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 0.9
2013-01-01 03:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 11.2
2013-01-01 04:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 10.9
...
2012-01-01 05:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_central | 5.3
2012-01-01 06:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_central | 2.0
2013-01-01 03:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_central | 15.3
2013-01-01 04:00:00+00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_central | 12.0
...
```

After conversion (with `wrap_time_allowed=False`) `result_df` has:

```
timestamp            | time_zone  | geography | value
---------------------|------------|-----------|------
2012-01-01 00:00:00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 1.2
2012-01-01 01:00:00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 0.9
2012-12-31 22:00:00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 11.2
2012-12-31 23:00:00  | Etc/GMT+5  | g_east    | 10.9
...
2011-12-31 23:00:00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_west    | 5.3
2012-01-01 00:00:00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_west    | 2.0
2012-12-31 21:00:00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_west    | 15.3
2012-12-31 22:00:00  | Etc/GMT+6  | g_west    | 12.0
...
```

> The same absolute UTC instant (`2012-01-01 05:00:00+00`) appears as midnight Eastern but one hours before midnight for the Central time zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same absolute UTC instant (`2012-01-01 05:00:00+00`) appears as midnight Eastern but one hour before midnight for the Central time zone.
```

### `wrap_time_allowed`

The `convert_time_zone_by_column` functions accept an optional `wrap_time_allowed: bool` parameter (default `False`). It controls what happens when the per-row timezone offsets shift some timestamps **outside** the nominal time range of the source data.

**Why this arises**: suppose your tz-aware source data covers the calendar year 2012 in UTC. Converting a row in Eastern standard time (`UTC-5`) shifts the first 5 hours backward to `2011-12-31 19:00–23:00 EST`, which falls before the 2012 boundary. Without wrapping, those hours are preserved at their true local clock positions, so the output starts on `2011-12-31` for Eastern rows.

**Effect of `wrap_time_allowed=True`**: Chronify reorders the timestamps cyclically so the output covers the *same nominal range* as the source schema in tz-naive clock time. The 5 early-morning hours that would have landed in 2011 are instead placed at the end of the year (after `2012-12-31 19:00 EST`). The result is still 8760 hours, all within 2012, just reordered.

| `wrap_time_allowed` | Behavior |
|---|---|

> | `False` (default) | Output timestamps reflect true local clock time; range may shift relative to the source |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `False` (default) | Output timestamps reflect true local clock time; range may shift relative to the input data, or may vary by geography |
```
